.\" File generated using by MAQAO.
.TH MAQAO-ANALYZE "1" "10/02/2013" "MAQAO-ANALYZE 2.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
maqao-analyze \- manual page for maqao analyze module.
.SH SYNOPSIS
maqao analyse [<binary>] [...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module analyses the binary using static analysis.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-grouping\fR
Run grouping analysis.
.SH "    LIST FUNCTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-lf\fR, \fB\-\-list-functions\fR
List all functions in the binary, then exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-fct\fR\=<function>
Filter results of --list-functions using a regular expression passed with  fct=<function>. The regular expression format in available in lua5.1 documentation.
.SH "    LIST LOOPS"
.TP
\fB\-ll\fR, \fB\-\-list-loops\fR
List all loops per function in the binary, then exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-fct\fR\=<function>
Filter results of --list-loops using a regular expression passed with fct=<function> to display loops only for matching function. The regular expression format in available in lua5.1 documentation.
.TP
\fB\-\-loop\fR\=<val>
Filter results of --list-loops to get only loops matching a property. 
.br
If <val> is an integer, only loops whose depth is <val> are displayed. 
.br
If <val> is in "innermost", "in-between", "outermost", only loops matching with the selected property are displayed.
.SH "    MAN PAGE"
.TP
\fB\-\-generate-man\fR
Generate the man page of the module based on the module help in current directory. The generated file is called maqao-<module>.1. Once the man page is generated, the program exits.
.TP
\fB\-\-output\fR\=<path>
Specify the path where the man page is generated.
.SH "    COMMON OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-\-compiler\fR\=<compiler>
Select the compiler used to create the binary. Available values are: 
GNU, Intel.

.TP
\fB\-\-language\fR\=<language>
Select the source language. Available values are: 
c, c++, fortran.

.TP
\fB\-\-uarch\fR\=<uarch>
Select the micro architecture used for analysis. Available values are: 
CORE2_65, CORE2_45, NEHALEM, SANDY_BRIDGE, IVY_BRIDGE, HASWELL.

.TP
\fB\-ifr\fR, \fB\-\-interleaved-functions-recognition\fR\=<mode>
Select the mode of interleaved functions recognition. Available values are: 
.TP 20 
\fB       off\fR 
Functions are not extracted from connected components.
.TP 20 
\fB       debug_based\fR  (default)
Fonctions are extracted from connected components matching with debug data.
.TP 20 
\fB       all\fR 
All connected components are extracted into new functions whatever there  are corresponding debug data or not
.
.SH ""
.TP
\fB\-dbg\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR[\=<level>]
Enable debug messages. <level> can be used to specify the level of debug messages to display. Available values are: 
0, 1 (default).

.TP
\fB\-\-\fR
Specify binary parameters for dynamic analysis. Next options are ignored by MAQAO.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print the current help.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print the current version.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by The MAQAO Team.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <support@maqao.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2004 - 2013 Universite de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines (UVSQ)
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
maqao(1), maqao-madras(1), maqao-cqa(1), maqao-mil(1), maqao-perfeval(1), maqao-analyze-grouping(1)
