.\" File generated using by MAQAO.
.TH MAQAO-CQA "1" "10/02/2013" "MAQAO-CQA 2.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
maqao-cqa \- manual page for maqao cqa module.
.SH SYNOPSIS
maqao cqa <binary> [fct=<functions> | loop=<loops>] [...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module analyzes innermost loops in given functions or identified by their ID.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-fct\fR\=<functions>
Select functions to analyze: foo or "foo, bar". Names are interpreted  as LUA patterns/regexps: for exact match, use "^foo$" instead of foo.
.TP
\fB\-\-loop\fR\=<loops>
Select loops to analyze: 17 or "17, 19".
.TP
\fB\-\-lvl\fR\=<level>
Abstraction level of the stdout report (optional) Available values are: 
1, 2 (default).

.SH "    ADVANCED OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-\-loop_dist\fR\=<positive integer>
Override LOOP_MERGE_DISTANCE default value. Prevents loop unrolling detector from assuming close source lines correspond to the same loop.
.TP
\fB\-\-max_paths\fR\=<positive integer>
Override MAX_NB_PATHS default value, allow to analyze loops with more paths.
.SH "    MAN PAGE"
.TP
\fB\-\-generate-man\fR
Generate the man page of the module based on the module help in current directory. The generated file is called maqao-<module>.1. Once the man page is generated, the program exits.
.TP
\fB\-\-output\fR\=<path>
Specify the path where the man page is generated.
.SH "    COMMON OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-\-compiler\fR\=<compiler>
Select the compiler used to create the binary. Available values are: 
GNU, Intel.

.TP
\fB\-\-language\fR\=<language>
Select the source language. Available values are: 
c, c++, fortran.

.TP
\fB\-\-uarch\fR\=<uarch>
Select the micro architecture used for analysis. Available values are: 
CORE2_65, CORE2_45, NEHALEM, SANDY_BRIDGE, IVY_BRIDGE, HASWELL.

.TP
\fB\-ifr\fR, \fB\-\-interleaved-functions-recognition\fR\=<mode>
Select the mode of interleaved functions recognition. Available values are: 
.TP 20 
\fB       off\fR 
Functions are not extracted from connected components.
.TP 20 
\fB       debug_based\fR  (default)
Fonctions are extracted from connected components matching with debug data.
.TP 20 
\fB       all\fR 
All connected components are extracted into new functions whatever there  are corresponding debug data or not
.
.SH ""
.TP
\fB\-dbg\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR[\=<level>]
Enable debug messages. <level> can be used to specify the level of debug messages to display. Available values are: 
0, 1 (default).

.TP
\fB\-\-\fR
Specify binary parameters for dynamic analysis. Next options are ignored by MAQAO.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print the current help.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print the current version.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by The MAQAO Team.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <support@maqao.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2004 - 2013 Universite de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines (UVSQ)
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
maqao(1), maqao-madras(1), maqao-mil(1), maqao-analyze(1), maqao-perfeval(1), maqao-analyze-grouping(1)
