.\" File generated using by MAQAO.
.TH MAQAO "1" "10/02/2013" "MAQAO 2.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
maqao \- manual page for maqao module.
.SH SYNOPSIS
maqao <command>|<script.lua> [...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
MAQAO (Modular Assembly Quality Analyzer and Optimizer) is a tool to analyze the performance of applications. The main originality of MAQAO is its abilities to deal directly with the binary code of the application.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB<command>\fR
<command> can be a built-in module or a user module. Each module has its own options  described using maqao <command> --help. Only built-in modules are described here. The  list of available modules can be get using maqao --list-modules. Available values are: 
.TP 20 
\fB       analyze\fR 
Performs static analysis on a binary.
.TP 20 
\fB       cqa\fR 
The Code Quality Analyzer module provides users with high level reports containing  issues, hints and possible workarounds related to a set of given loops.
.TP 20 
\fB       perfeval\fR 
Locate functions and loops hotspots.
.TP 20 
\fB       madras\fR 
Disassemble, patch or display data on a binary.
.
.SH ""
.TP
\fB<script.lua>\fR
A user LUA script. The script name must be finished by the ".lua" extension
.TP
\fB\-\-list-modules\fR
List all available modules and alias.
.SH "    CREATE A MODULE"
.TP
\fB\-\-module-skeleton\fR
Create a skeleton for a new module.
.TP
\fB\-\-mod\fR\=<module>
Specify the name of the module.
.TP
\fB\-\-output\fR\=<path>
Path where the skeleton must be created. Default path is $PWD.
.SH "    HANDLE COMPLETION"
.TP
\fB\-\-generate-complete\fR
Create a bash script containing functions for completion and update .bashrc file to load it (if  possible).
.TP
\fB\-\-no-bashrc\fR
Make the option --generate-complete to not update .bashrc file. Instead, the bash code is displayed.
.TP
\fB\-\-unload-complete\fR
Remove code used to handle completion for MAQAO from .bashrc and remove $HOME/.maqao_complete.sh.
.SH "    MAN PAGE"
.TP
\fB\-\-generate-man\fR
Generate the man page of the module based on the module help in current directory. The generated file is called maqao-<module>.1. Once the man page is generated, the program exits.
.TP
\fB\-\-output\fR\=<path>
Specify the path where the man page is generated.
.SH "    COMMON OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-\-compiler\fR\=<compiler>
Select the compiler used to create the binary. Available values are: 
GNU, Intel.

.TP
\fB\-\-language\fR\=<language>
Select the source language. Available values are: 
c, c++, fortran.

.TP
\fB\-\-uarch\fR\=<uarch>
Select the micro architecture used for analysis. Available values are: 
CORE2_65, CORE2_45, NEHALEM, SANDY_BRIDGE, IVY_BRIDGE, HASWELL.

.TP
\fB\-ifr\fR, \fB\-\-interleaved-functions-recognition\fR\=<mode>
Select the mode of interleaved functions recognition. Available values are: 
.TP 20 
\fB       off\fR 
Functions are not extracted from connected components.
.TP 20 
\fB       debug_based\fR  (default)
Fonctions are extracted from connected components matching with debug data.
.TP 20 
\fB       all\fR 
All connected components are extracted into new functions whatever there  are corresponding debug data or not
.
.SH ""
.TP
\fB\-dbg\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR[\=<level>]
Enable debug messages. <level> can be used to specify the level of debug messages to display. Available values are: 
0, 1 (default).

.TP
\fB\-\-\fR
Specify binary parameters for dynamic analysis. Next options are ignored by MAQAO.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print the current help.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print the current version.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
$ maqao analyze -s
Run STAN static analysis module
.TP
$ maqao script.lua
Run a lua script through MAQAO
.SH AUTHOR
Written by The MAQAO Team.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <support@maqao.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2004 - 2013 Universite de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines (UVSQ)
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
maqao-madras(1), maqao-cqa(1), maqao-mil(1), maqao-analyze(1), maqao-perfeval(1), maqao-analyze-grouping(1)
